[Maps][docs] add more details to Quantitative data driven styling docs (#59553)
elastic/kibana: docs/maps/vector-style.asciidoc

Quantitative data driven styling symbolizes features from a range of numeric property values.

> Property values are fit from the domain range to the style range on a linear scale.

Reviewer: Not sure what this sentence means.  Also needs to flow better with the previous sentence.

> For example, lets symbolize <<add-sample-data, Kibana sample web log>> documents by size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, let's symbolize <<add-sample-data, Kibana sample web log>> documents by size.
```

> The smallest feature will have a symbol radius of 1, and the largest feature will have a symbol radius of 24.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The smallest feature has a symbol radius of 1, and the largest feature has a symbol radius of 24.
```

The sample web logs `bytes` field ranges from 0 to 18,000.

> The `bytes` property value for each feature will be fit on a linear scale from the range 0 to 18,000 to the style range 1 to 24.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bytes` property value for each feature will fit on a linear scale from the range of 0 to 18,000 to the style range of 1 to 24.
```

> To ensure symbols are consistent as you pan, zoom, and filter the map, quantitative data driven styling uses {ref}/search-aggregations-metrics-extendedstats-aggregation.html[extended_stats aggregation] to retrieve statistical metadata. Extended_stats is not available for numeric property values from <<maps-aggregations, metric aggregations>> count, sum, and unique count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure symbols are consistent as you pan, zoom, and filter the map, quantitative data driven styling uses {ref}/search-aggregations-metrics-extendedstats-aggregation.html[extended_stats aggregation] to retrieve statistical metadata. Extended_stats is not available for numeric property values from the <<maps-aggregations, metric aggregations>> count, sum, and unique count.
```

> Click the gear icon image:maps/images/gear_icon.png[] to configure extended_stats. Set *Sigma* to a smaller value to minimize outliers by moving the range minimum and maximum closer to the average. Clear the *Calculate range from indices* checkbox to turn off the extended_stats aggregation request. The gear icon is not available for numeric property values from <<maps-aggregations, metric aggregations>> count, sum, and unique count.

Reviewer 2: > The gear icon is not available for numeric property values from <<maps-aggregations, metric aggregations>> count, sum, and unique count.

Thank you. This was confusing to me before. Much better now.

> Click the gear icon image:maps/images/gear_icon.png[] to configure extended_stats. Set *Sigma* to a smaller value to minimize outliers by moving the range minimum and maximum closer to the average. Clear the *Calculate range from indices* checkbox to turn off the extended_stats aggregation request. The gear icon is not available for numeric property values from <<maps-aggregations, metric aggregations>> count, sum, and unique count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure extended_stats,click the gear icon image:maps/images/gear_icon.png[] to configure extended_stats. Set *Sigma* to a smaller value to minimize outliers by moving the range minimum and maximum closer to the average. Clear the *Calculate range from indices* checkbox to turn off the extended_stats aggregation request. The gear icon is not available for numeric property values from the <<maps-aggregations, metric aggregations>> count, sum, and unique count.
```

> NOTE: When extended_stats is not being used, symbols might be inconsistent as users pan, zoom, and filter the map. Without extended_stats, the range is calculated with data from the local layer. The range is re-calculated when layer data changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When extended_stats is not used, symbols might be inconsistent as users pan, zoom, and filter the map. Without extended_stats, the range is calculated with data from the local layer. The range is re-calculated when layer data changes.
```
